docs: Add documentation for the new Transcribe method. (#64)
cobaltspeech/sdk-diatheke: docs-src/content/protobuf/_index.md

| UpdateSession | [SessionInput](#SessionInput) | [SessionOutput](#SessionOutput) | Process input for a session and get an updated session with a list of actions to take next. This is the only method that modifies the Diatheke session state. |
| StreamASR | [ASRInput](#ASRInput) | [ASRResult](#ASRResult) | Create an ASR stream. A result is returned when the stream is closed by the client (which forces the ASR to endpoint), or when a transcript becomes available on its own, in which case the stream is closed by the server. The ASR result may be used in the UpdateSession method. <br/><br/> If the session has a wakeword enabled, and the client application is using Diatheke and Cubic to handle the wakeword processing, this method will not return a result until the wakeword condition has been satisfied. Utterances without the required wakeword will be discarded and no transcription will be returned. |
| StreamTTS | [ReplyAction](#ReplyAction) | [TTSAudio](#TTSAudio) | Create a TTS stream to receive audio for the given reply. The stream will close when TTS is finished. The client may also close the stream early to cancel the speech synthesis. |

> | Transcribe | [TranscribeInput](#TranscribeInput) | [TranscribeResult](#TranscribeResult) | Create an ASR stream for transcription. Unlike StreamASR, Transcribe does not listen for a wakeword. This method returns a bi-directional stream, and its intended use is for situations where a user may say anything at all, whether it is short or long, and the application wants to save the transcript (e.g., take a note, send a message). <br/><br/> The first message sent to the server must include the Cubic model ID, with remaining messages sending audio data. Messages received from the server will include the current best partial transcription until the full transcription is ready. The stream ends when either the client application closes it, a predefined duration of silence (non-speech) occurs, or the end-transcription intent is recognized. |

Reviewer: Does the first message include the *Cubic* model id or the *Diatheke* model id?  I thought the Cubic model for transcription was set in the Diatheke config file.

Author: FYI, this was auto-generated from the protobuf file.

In the server's current implementation, it is expecting the Cubic model ID to be there, so it is correct as written. The fact that there is an associate created between a Diatheke model and a Cubic model in the server config file is significant for generating a TranscribeAction (which the server will populate with both the Cubic and Diatheke model ID), but not required for this stream. This allows a client application to create a Transcribe stream with just a Cubic model ID at any time they want (maybe in response to a button click, for example), without it being prompted by a TranscribeAction in the session output. They could even add the Diatheke model ID too, to get the stream-end conditions if they want it, and it doesn't have to be the same association as defined in the server config file. Think of it more like this:

* Cubic Model ID = Always used for ASR, regardless of optional Diatheke model.
* Diatheke Model ID = Optional, but always used to to define the end-stream conditions.

| input | [WaitForUserAction](#WaitForUserAction) |  | <p>The user must provide input to Diatheke.</p> |
| command | [CommandAction](#CommandAction) |  | <p>The client app must execute the specified command.</p> |
| reply | [ReplyAction](#ReplyAction) |  | <p>The client app should provide the reply to the user.</p> |

> | transcribe | [TranscribeAction](#TranscribeAction) |  | <p>The client app should transcribe user input.</p> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transcribe | [TranscribeAction](#TranscribeAction) |  | <p>The client app should call the Transcribe method to capture user input.</p> |
```

<a name="TranscribeAction"></a>
### Message: TranscribeAction

> This action indicates that the client application should
> transcribe the user's input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action indicates that the client application should call the Transcribe method to
capture the user's input.
```

| ----- | ---- | ----- | ----------- |
| id | [string](#string) |  | <p>The ID of the transcribe action, which is useful to differentiate separate transcription tasks within a single sesssion.</p> |
| cubic_model_id | [string](#string) |  | <p>The ASR model to use for transcription.</p> |
| diatheke_model_id | [string](#string) |  | <p>The Diatheke model where this transcribe action is defined. If empty, the server will not be able to automatically close the transcribe stream based on conditions defined in the Diatheke model, such as a non-speech timeout or an "end-transcription" intent. When empty, the stream must be closed by the client application.</p> |

<a name="TranscribeInput"></a>
### Message: TranscribeInput
Data to send to the Transcribe stream. The first message on
the stream must be a TranscribeAction, followed by audio data.

| Field | Type | Label | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----- | ----------- |
| action | [TranscribeAction](#TranscribeAction) |  | <p>Action defining the transcribe configuration.</p> |
| audio | [bytes](#bytes) |  | <p>Audio data to transcribe.</p> |

<a name="TranscribeResult"></a>
### Message: TranscribeResult

> The result from the Transcribe stream. Usually, many partial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result from the Transcribe stream. Usually, several partial
```

(or intermediate) transcriptions will be sent until the final
transcription is ready for every utterance processed.

| Field | Type | Label | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----- | ----------- |
| text | [string](#string) |  | <p>The transcription.</p> |

> | confidence | [double](#double) |  | <p>Confidence estimate between 0 and 1. A higher number represents a higher likelihood of the transcription being correct.</p> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| confidence | [double](#double) |  | <p>Confidence estimate between 0 and 1. A higher number represents a higher likelihood that the transcription is correct.</p> |
```

> | is_partial | [bool](#bool) |  | <p>True if this is a partial result, in which case the text of the transcription for the current utterance being processed is allowed to change in future results. When false, this represents the final transcription for an utterance, which will not change with further audio input. It is sent when the ASR has endpointed. After the final transcription is sent, any additional results sent on the Transcribe stream belong to the next utterance.</p> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| is_partial | [bool](#bool) |  | <p>True if this is a partial result, in which case the next result will be for the same audio, either repeating or correcting the text in this result. When false, this represents the final transcription for an utterance, which will not change with further audio input. It is sent when the ASR has identified an endpoint. After the final transcription is sent, any additional results sent on the Transcribe stream belong to the next utterance.</p> |
```

Author: Also auto-generated. I suppose I can go back an update the protobuf file and regenerate.
